I like to get my christmas
shopping done early.
Do you have anything that's
in the spirit of the season?
How about these crystals?
Looks like broken glass.
What are you? A cop?
Aw, what is that new thing?
- Grunkle Stan
- Can we go to the diner?
- We're hungry..
- Hungry..
Yeah, sure. Soon as this
yahoo makes up his mind.
Do you have this in another animal?
I'm fine locking him inside if you are.
Puma shirt? Panther shirt.
Puma shirt..
Panther shirt.
Gravity falls
Episode 6 - Dipper vs. Manliness
Get!
Coffee, coffee, coffee!
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Lazy Susan. There's my
little ray of sunshine.
Where were you yesterday?
I got hit by a bus.
- Ha ha, hilarious!
- Thank you!
- You do split plates, right?
- Maybe..
Wrink.
Great. Well I'll split one-fourth
of number seven
plus a free salad dressing for the lady
and a small ketchup plate for a boy.
But grunkle Stan, I want pancakes.
With the fancy flour they use these days?
What am I? Made of money?
Don't worry guys.
Pancakes are on me.
I'm gonna win some by
beating that manliness tester.
- Manliness tester?
- Beating?
He says.. he says he's...
What? What's so funny?
Oh, no offense Dipper, but you
are not exactly manly mannington
Hey I am too manly.. many..
or whatever it is you said.
Face the music kid. You got no muscles,
you smell like baby wipes
and let's not forget
last Tuesday's incident.
♪Disco girl, coming through
That girl is you♪
Don't come in, don't come in!
You're listening to girly
icelandic pop-sensation BABBA?
No.. I wasn't..
That's not important!
Look. Come on guys, I'm prety masculine.
Look at that chesthair.
- Put away! Put away!
- Aaah! So smooth!
My eyes!
Aw man.
Fine, family of little faith.
Get ready to eat your words.
And a plate of delicious pancakes.
Allright Dipper. Time to man handle this..
man handle.
- And one.. And two..
- Quit stalling!
Aw what? This thing must be broken.
It's totally broken guys. It's like
a million years old. It probably ran out of..
steam power or..
It's rickity man. You shouldn't even..
Yes! Pancakes for everyone!
I need to get some chest hair and fast.
I'm fine!
Everything's fine!
- How am I related to that?
- Come on, grunkle Stan.
I'm sure deep down you have a soft side too.
Nothing in here but a
cold dark empty soul.
- Food!
- Thanks there, sugar pot.
I mean.. honey wasp..
kidden baby.. baby cow..
Silly, silly man.
- What was that about?
- Nothing. I don't wanna talk about it.
Talk about what? Why is this table wet?
Wait just a second. I think I
have an idea happening here.
- You..
- No.
- And her..
- Stop it.
- Oh boy.
- You have a thing for lazy Susan!
- You do have a soft side.
- B-but keep it down, will ya?
All right, I admit it. Ok?
It would be nice if she liked me, but
I've been out of the game for so
long I wouldn't know where to start.
I mean, look at her.
She's so classy.
Spin, you damn pies, spin.
Gurnkle Stan, you are a
cranky gross weird old man
but we will get Lazy Susan to like you
because nothing is stronger
then the power of..
- Love?
- Mabel.
To victory!
Not manly enough. Stupid diner.
Stupid lumberjack.
Another hydrant destroyed.
It's a gosh damn mystery.
What if we take off our uniforms
and run around in circles?
Quit reading my mind.
I'm sorry I was looking for a mail man.
Oh what. Are you saying I'm not a male or man?
Is that what are you trying to say? I'm
not male, I'm not a man. Is that..
- Is that what you're getting at?
- Are you crying?
Two..
Three..
Four..
No chesthair yet.
Is it physical? Is it mental?
What's the secret?
You've said it brother. I need help.
For the love of all that's holy..
Run!
Wait. Sorry.
Please don't eat me!
I haven't showered.
And like a week!
And I'm all elbows.
Elbows and gristle.
You!
Gonna finish that?
No.
Can't believe it. Part animal, part human.
Are you some kind of minotaur?
I'm a manotaur!
Half man! Half..
Half taur!
I, like, summon you or..
The smell of jerky summoned me!
Jerky!
I smell..
Emotional issues.
I've got problems, manotaur.
Mayhem related problems.
Well, my own uncle called me a wimp.
And I kinda flunked that
manliness videogame thing..
Hey, you know. You seem prety manly.
Maybe you could give me some pointers?
Very well. Climb at top of my back here, child.
Okay.
Yes! Yes!
Dude, watch out!
This place is amazing.
The gnomes live in the trees.
The mer people live in the
water, because they are losers.
But we manotaurs crush in a mancave!
Beasts! I have brought you a halest child!
Sup.
This is Pubator, Testasteror,
Patuator and I am Hootspor.
- And you are?!
- My name's Dipper.
Boo! Weak!
The Destructor?
Yeah, that's better. Improvement.
Dipper the Destructor wants us to teach
him the secrets to our manliness.
I need your help! Look at this guys!
Look at this!
I must confer with the high council.
- So, we teach him the man's secrets or what?
- He's a human! I don't like him.
I don't like your face!
I like these guys.
Okay, grunkle Stan. Welcome to the first
day of whatever's left of your life.
First, a 'before' picture.
I never miss a scrap for cartoonity.
Dibly dum, memories.
Let's start out with some roleplaying.
Soos will play Lazy Susan.
I'm soft like a woman.
Grunkle Stan, show me how you aproach a woman.
Remember this is a safe
nonjudgemental environment.
I'll just be right off to the side judging
you on the scale from one to ten.
Can I borrow some money?
This is gonna be harder than I thought.
After a lot of punching, we have decided to
deny your request to learn our manly secrets.
Denied!
Denied?
Okay, fine. That's okay with me.
Obviously you guys think it
would be too hard to train me.
Maybe, you're not man enough to try.
What? Not man enough?
- Destructoor..
- Not man enough?!
- He didn't mean it.
- I have three Y chromosomes!
Six adam's apples! Packs on my abs!
And fists for nipples!
Seems to me, you're scared to
teach me how to be a man. Wait.
Do you guys hear it? It sounds like..
Oh, that's weird.
What's that?
That sounds like..
Yeah! A bunch of chickens!
- I feel all weird.
- He's using some sort of brain magic.
After a second round of delibiration, we
have decided to help you becom a man!
Man! Man! Man!
Great! Thanks guys, whatever it is,
I will not let you down.
Being a man is about conquering your fears.
For your first mantask, you must
plunge your fists into the pain hole!
The wha..
Pain hole-shmain..
- Are you sure this is really necessary?
- You wanna be a man, don't you?
Man! Man! Man!
All right, let's try to get that
inner beauty on the outside.
Smile harder.
Harder.
Perfect. Soos.
- Sup Hambone?
- What do you think?
This is going to take some really great training music.
♪Where the tiger roars,
and the mountain cries ♪
♪You gotta dream the dream
you gotta win the prize♪
♪You gotta go the miles,
you gonna face the trials!♪
♪Never lose sight of the sights you see♪
♪You gotta believe your beliefs are real♪
♪Now you're drinking from a fire hydrant
Teach your uncle how to wear a cummerbund♪
♪Now you're gonna jump a crazy gorge
Keep on shaving that hairy uncle♪
♪Uh, I don't really know what's happening in this part♪
♪Your heart's on fire and the fire is in your heart♪
Who wants to rub this on my back?
Guys, I just wanna say that these
last few hours have been..
I feel like there's really been some growth.
I have a growth.
Glurk you are hilarious today.
It's just that you guys took me under your
wing and I just have been so supported.
- Oh, stop.
- No. You know what, you really have been.
I feel like I'm finally becoming a man here.
Not yet Destructor.
One final taks remains.
- Hey, quit it!
- You quit it!
The deadliest trial of all.
I've survived 49 other trials.
Whatever it is, bring it on!
Behold our leader, Leaderar!
Is he like oldest or wisest or..
Greetings, young..
Nah, he's just an offering.
That is Leaderar.
You! You wish to be man?
Yeah!
Then you must to heroic act.
Go to highest mountain.
And bring back head of the Multibear!
The Multibear? Is that some sort of bear?
He's our sworn enemy. Conquer him and
your mansformation will be complete.
Conquer? I don't know man.
Destructor, is this yours?
Um, no! I don't know whos that is. I'm
just borrowing it. It's friend's. Not mine.
I don't know about this.
I shall conquer the Multibear!
I'm okay.
I'm coming for you, Multibear.
Okay, grunkle Stan.
You started like this.
But you've became..
- Can I scratch myself now?
- No! No, no, no!
Is that throu up on your shirt?
I don't know how to answer that.
Face it Mabel, your uncle in unfixable.
Like that spinning pietrally thing in the diner.
Grunkle Stan, come with me.
- And leave your pants at home.
- With pleasure.
What is a Multibear?
That's a Multibear.
Bear heads! Silence!
Child, why have you come here?
Multibear! I seek your head!
One of them. Anyway, there's like six. Six heads?
This is foolish. Leave now or die.
So be it.
A real man shows no mercy.
Very well, warrior. But will you grant
a magical beast one last request?
- Um, okay.
- I wish to die, listening to my favourite song.
Tape is already in there. You can just hit any..
Yeah, that's it. Press and hold.
♪Discogirl, coming through♪
- ♪That girl is you..♪
- You listen to icelandic pop group BABBA?
- I love BABBA.
- I thought I was the only one.
All the manotaurs make fun of me because I
know all the words of the song 'Discogirl'.
Oh, you mean
♪Discogirl♪
♪Coming through♪
♪That girls is you♪
Oh, this is crazy! Finally someone who understands!
Oh yeah.
I guess I'm supposed to kill
you or I'll never be a man?
- I accept my fate.
- No.
- Really?
- It's for the best.
- I'm not gonna do it.
- You were told the price of man who does the Multibear's head!
Listen, Leaderar, all right?
You too Testasteror, Patuator and..
That one whatever your name is..
Beardy..
It's Beardy.
You keep telling me that being
man is doing all these tasks and
and being aggro all the time, but I'm
starting to think that stuff's malarkey.
You heard me, malarkey!
So maybe I don't have muscles or
hair in certain places and sure.
when the girly pop song come on the
radio sometimes I leave it on.
Cos dangit, top 40 hits are in the top
40 for a reason. They are catchy.
Destructor, what are you saying?
I'm saying the Multibear is a
really nice guy and you're
a bunch of jerks if you want
me to cut off his head.
Kill the Multibear or never be a man.
Then I guess I'll never be a man.
Boo! Weak!
Hey guys! Who wants to go build something and knock it down?
Man! Man! Man!
Spin! Spin!
Lazy Susan, listen.
I know he's not much to look at,
but you're always fixing stuff in the diner.
and if you like fixing stuff,
nothing could use more fixing than my grunkle Stan!
Also women live longer that man, so your dating pool
is smaller and you really should lower your standarts.
So, Lazy Susan?
What do you say?
Hey! Here's my number!
Why don't you give me a call sometime?
- Really?
- Really.
Also, here's some pie.
On the house, for you.
We did it! When are you gonna call?
You wanna call now?
I don't have a phone. Let's buy a phone.
We can put it on a creadit card. Let's get a credit card.
Mabel. Let a man enjoy his pie, huh?
Dipper! It's me! Mabel!
I'm looking at you through the glass!
Right here! This is my voice!
I'm talking to you from inside!
- Did you just me through..
- Yes.
- What's wrong?
- I don't wanna talk about it.
- Good
- It's just these halfmen, halfbullhumanoids
- were hanging out with me.
- Here we go.
Then they wanted me to do this really tough
horrible thing but it just wasn't right.
- And I said no.
- You were your own man and stood up for yourself.
- Huh?
- You did what was right, even though noone agreed with ya.
Sounds pretty manly to me,
but what do I know?
Wait a minute? Do my eyes decieve me?
You have a chest hair!
You're right! I do!
This is amazing! I really do!
Take that Mantester!
Take that Patuator!
- Patuator?
- This guy has chest hair!
Scrap for cartoonity!
Don't worry kid. If you're anything like
me, there's more where that came from.
Aw, gross.
Seriously, that's disgusting.
Oh, not again!
Message number 36.
Hey handsome. It's me, Lazy Susan!
Calling to say hi!
Hi!
My cat also wants to say hi.
Say hi, Donald!
Good, Seda you say hi.
Mr. Catface, now it's your turn to say..
Mr. Catface!
Anyway, call me! Call me back!
How do I get out of this?!